Add CHANGELOG for v0.130.0 (#2068)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.130.0 [2024-02-02]

_Enhancements_

> - Improved filter param by adding new key columns `descending`, `log_group_name`, `log_stream_name_prefix` and `order_by` and added new columns `log_stream_name_prefix`, `descending` and `order_by` in table `aws_cloudwatch_log_stream`. ([#1951](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1951))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optimized `aws_cloudwatch_log_stream` table's query performance by adding `descending`, `log_group_name`, `log_stream_name_prefix` and `order_by` new optional key qual columns. ([#1951](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1951))
```

> - Improved filter param of the table `aws_ssm_inventory` by adding new key columns. ([#1980](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1980))

Reviewer: @khushboo9024 could you please mention which columns were added and update the note as per the above suggestion?
